Connect dapps in MW Gen2 (#651)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/guides/export-key.rst

.. include:: ../../variables.rst
.. _export-key:

====================
Export a private key
====================

> In certain situations, such as testing interaction with smart contracts, you may need to export your private key for an account in your wallet. The key format is specifically for :ref:`import<concordium-client-import-accounts-keys>` to ``concordium-client``.

Reviewer: The format in the file export is for the concordium-client, which I guess includes some more stuff in the .json file. The copyable key is "just" the key in itself.

Author: Is this something you want me to add here, or are you just pointing out something? I can't tell.

.. dropdown:: |mw-gen2|

    #. Tap on the account for which you want to export the private key.

    #. In the Account details screen, tap |acct-settings|.

    #. Tap **Export private key**.

>     #. Tap to show the key. Enter your passcode, when prompted. You can use the copy button to copy the key or tap **Export to file** to save it as a file on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. Tap to show the key. Enter your passcode, when prompted. You can use the copy button to copy the key or tap **Export to file** to save it as a file that is compatible with other tools like ``concordium-client``.
```

.. dropdown:: |bw|

    #. Go to Accounts.

    #. Click |gear|.

    #. Click **Export private key**.

    #. Enter your passcode.

    #. Click **Show private key**.

>     #. When your private key is shown, copy it with the |copy| button to get the key's value, or click the Export button to get a file compatible with other tools like Concordium Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. When your private key is shown, copy it with the |copy| button to get the key's value, or click the Export button to get a file compatible with other tools like ``concordium-client``.
```
